sup break the fam lock their hope all is
well guys those who don't know me my
name is just most of it I'm a student be
back to do so lots of the one faculty
member Steve Smith really really excited
about returning to do so well some of
our school like it's about to be a fresh
experience this upcoming earlier and I
really just can't wait to get started
with that being said looking for smoke's
and solutions who are interested in
being a part of this ensemble for the
fall 2013 semester Bocuse is this is
something that you feel you want to be a
part of I'm asking that you sing their
video submissions to serve as a
first-rounder the audition process
there's two things they need to be on
this video interesting at in the
district there's going to be a series of
questions and I'm asking you to a
straight your biggest issue some simple
stuff no right or wrong answer I just
want to get a feel free second thing I
mean I'm asking that you saying maybe
about 45 seconds to a minute 30 just a
song of your choice really doesn't
matter what it is the only rule of this
is that you don't be afraid to show you
all i really mean on the deadline for
this material to be sent in to be legacy
series music at gmail com no later than
august 76 my musicians out there i'm
with keyword players guitar players and
more players at the moment this is you
and you're interested in being a part of
berkeley neo-soul ensemble can send me
an email to the legacy series music at
gmail com with your name or what you
play and i will send you an email after
that shortly with what else will happen
in the audition process restaurants
we are just friendly reminded all
application materials with your sentence
of the Legacy series music @ gmail.com
no later in august seventeenth I'm
really really really looking forward to
hearing guys so put your camera's ready
put your videos ready you are just left